c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\WpfApplication3.exe.config
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\WpfApplication3.exe
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\WpfApplication3.pdb
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.dll
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Mvvm.v16.1.dll
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Controls.v16.1.dll
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v16.1.dll
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.LayoutControl.v16.1.dll
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\DevExpress.CodeParser.v16.1.dll
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.xml
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Mvvm.v16.1.xml
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Controls.v16.1.xml
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v16.1.xml
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.LayoutControl.v16.1.xml
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Controls.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Controls.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Controls.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Controls.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.LayoutControl.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.LayoutControl.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.LayoutControl.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.LayoutControl.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3.g.resources
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3.exe.licenses
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3.exe
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3.pdb
c:\users\vinnik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
